README.md, before:

# ShaRinGan

DCGAN that converts raw guitar sound into effector modified sound.

## Getting Started

Clone this repository
```
git clone https://github.com/hamling-ling/ShaRinGan.git
```
 
Download training data set. This takes about 30 sec.
```
$cd ShaRinGan/data/raw_waves
$./download.sh
```

Convert wave files to bin files
```
$cd ../../src
$python create_waves_wavfiles.py
```

Run Training(you can skip)
```
$cd ../../src
# this takes a few hours with GPU
$python sharingan_train.sh
```

Or Download pre-trained model
```
$cd ../../data/output
$download_pretrained.sh
```

Run Inference to convert raw to effectored suond
```
$cd src
$./sharingan_cvt.sh
```

You will see raw input, ground truth and converted wav files
```
$ls ../data/cvt/pretrained_model/
input.wav  output.wav  target.wav
```

- [input.wav]( https://soundcloud.com/osakana-zabuun/raw-guitar-sound-as-neural-network-input ) as an input source.
- [target.wav]( https://soundcloud.com/osakana-zabuun/ground-truth-should-for-a-neural-network-model ) is a ground truth.
- [output.wav]( https://soundcloud.com/osakana-zabuun/output ) is what generated by GCGAN.

### Visualize

Run visualizing script
```
$cd src
./sharingan_test.sh
```

Then you'll get bunch of images like this.
Note that blue: input source, green: ground truth and orange: inference.

![visualized](https://i.imgur.com/333MiJB.png "visualized")


### Prerequisites

- tensorflow 1.4.0
- pysoundfile

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

update README tensorflow version and add abount application

README.md, after:

# ShaRinGan

DCGAN that converts raw guitar sound into effector modified sound.

## Getting Started

Clone this repository
```
git clone https://github.com/hamling-ling/ShaRinGan.git
```
 
Download training data set. This takes about 30 sec.
```
$cd ShaRinGan/data/raw_waves
$./download.sh
```

Convert wave files to bin files
```
$cd ../../src
$python create_waves_wavfiles.py
```

Run Training(you can skip)
```
$cd ../../src
# this takes a few hours with GPU
$python sharingan_train.sh
```

Or Download pre-trained model
```
$cd ../../data/output
$download_pretrained.sh
```

Run Inference to convert raw to effectored suond
```
$cd src
$./sharingan_cvt.sh
```

You will see raw input, ground truth and converted wav files
```
$ls ../data/cvt/pretrained_model/
input.wav  output.wav  target.wav
```

- [input.wav]( https://soundcloud.com/osakana-zabuun/raw-guitar-sound-as-neural-network-input ) as an input source.
- [target.wav]( https://soundcloud.com/osakana-zabuun/ground-truth-should-for-a-neural-network-model ) is a ground truth.
- [output.wav]( https://soundcloud.com/osakana-zabuun/output ) is what generated by GCGAN.

### Visualize

Run visualizing script
```
$cd src
./sharingan_test.sh
```

Then you'll get bunch of images like this.
Note that blue: input source, green: ground truth and orange: inference.

![visualized](https://i.imgur.com/333MiJB.png "visualized")


### Prerequisites

- tensorflow 1.13.1
- pysoundfile

### Jetson Nano Application

Guitar Effector application using this model can be found in app directory.
["Jetson Nano DCGAN Guitar Effector"]( ./src/app/README.md "Jetson Nano DCGAN Guitar Effector")

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
